Add `ruff` linting to pre-commit and fix all it's errors (#368)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/dev/contributing.rst

If you found a bug or an issue you would like to tackle or contribute to a new development, please make sure do the following steps:
1. If it does not yet exist, create an issue following the :ref:`issue conventions <Issue conventions>`
2. Create a new branch where you develop your new code, see also :ref:`Git conventions <Git conventions>`

> 3. Make sure all pre-commit hooks pass, see  :ref:`code format <Code format>`. For *ipynb files make sure that you have cleared all results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure all pre-commit hooks pass, see  :ref:`code format <Code format>`. For ipynb files make sure that you have cleared all results.
```
The * creates italic that does not stop

  $ pip install pre-commit

<<<<<<< HEAD
It is best to install pre-commit in your existing enviromnment. After that simply install the necessary hooks with
||||||| 6948ad29
Then simply install the necessary hooks with
=======
Then simply install the necessary hooks with
>>>>>>> main

.. code-block:: console

  $ pre-commit install

After doing this pre-commit will check all your staged files when commiting.

For example say that you've added the following new feature:

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Author: Well spotted. I think indeed black does not check rts files, and I missed this because I assumed it was picking up on the example I'd added as an actual merge conflict. Should be good now!

> 

Reviewer: I cant change that line directly but the link does not work (_ missing at the end): and `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.org>`_ to keep everything formatted

  Trim Trailing Whitespace.................................................Passed
  Fix End of Files.........................................................Passed
  Check Yaml...........................................(no files to check)Skipped
  Check for added large files..............................................Passed
  Check python ast.........................................................Passed
  Check JSON...........................................(no files to check)Skipped
  Debug Statements (Python)................................................Passed
  Mixed line ending........................................................Passed
  Format YAML files....................................(no files to check)Skipped
  ruff.....................................................................Passed
  black....................................................................Passed
  [linting a5e9b683] The feature you've all been waiting for.
   1 file changed, 4 insertions(+)
   create mode 100644 hydromt/new_feature.py

Now you can push your commit as normal.

From time to time you might see comments like these:

.. code-block:: python

  import rioxarray # noqa: F401

> The `noqa` is instructing the linters to igore the specified rule for the line in question. Whenever possible, we try to avoid using these but it's not allways possible. The full list of rules can be found here: `Ruff Rules Seciont <https://beta.ruff.rs/docs/rules/>`__ Some common ones are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `noqa` is instructing the linters to ignore the specified rule for the line in question. Whenever possible, we try to avoid using these but it's not always possible. The full list of rules can be found here: `Ruff Rules Section <https://beta.ruff.rs/docs/rules/>`_ Some common ones are:
```
